Ted: “Old women are closer to God than we’ll ever be. They get to that age and they don’t need the operator anymore. They’ve got the direct line.”


Ted: “Down with this sort of thing!”
Dougal: “Careful now!”


Mrs Doyle: “It doesn’t matter what day it is, Father. There is always time for a nice cup of tea! Didn’t our Lord Himself on the cross pause for a nice cup of tea before giving Himself up for the world?”


Ted: “Come on, Dougal, switch the television off. Chewing gum for the eyes!”
Father Dougal: “Oh, no thanks Ted, I’ve got these crisps here.”


Ted: “Dougal, do we have any incense?”
Dougal: “There was… a spider in the bath the other night.”


Ted: “So you took Father Jack out for a walk… and you lost him. Again.”
Dougal: “Well, Ted, like I said the last time: ‘it won’t happen again’.  What’s the worst that could happen to him anyway?”
Ted: “Well Dougal, he could have an accident and be killed.”
Dougal: “Oh right, yes.”


Ted: “That’s the great thing about Catholicism. It’s so vague and no one really knows what it’s about.”

Dougal: “God Ted, I’ve heard about those cults. Everyone dressing in black and saying our Lord’s going to come back and judge us all.”
Ted: “No… no Dougal, that’s us. That’s Catholicism you’re talking about there.”


Ted: “Would you like your pizza cut into six or eight slices Dougal?”
Dougal: “Oh just six, I don’t think I could eat eight.”


Colm: “I hear you’re a racist now, Father?”


Dougal: “Ted, could you pass me my record collection?”
Ted: “Okay, here it is (passes over a single record). Oh, and Dougal, you need more than one record for a collection. What you have is a record.”


Ted: “Oh God, we’re in the lingerie section, Dougal. We’re in Lingerie!”
Dougal: “Where’s the problem there, Ted?”


Mrs Doyle: “Oh she writes such filth, Father. It’s always ‘Feck this’ and ‘Feck that’ – and sometimes she even uses the F-word!”


Mrs Doyle: “Won’t you have some cake, Father? It’s got cocaine in it. Oh no, hang on, it’s not cocaine, is it? What do I mean now? The little things… raisins!”


Mr. Fox: “Milk gets sour y’know. Unless it’s UHT milk, but there’s no demand for that because it’s shite.”


Ted: “There was a time when the police in this country were friends of the church; speeding tickets torn up, drunk driving charges quashed, even a blind eye turned to the odd murder!”


Ted: “Dougal, how did you get into the church in the first place? Was it, like, ‘collect 12 crisp packets and become a priest?'”


Dougal: “Didn’t you tell me once that Father Jack had a trial for Liverpool?”
Ted: “No… no, he was on trial, in Liverpool.”


Ted: “I’m not a fascist. I’m a priest. Fascists dress up in black and tell people what to do. Whereas priests…”


Dougal: “I’m no good at judging the size of crowds Ted, but I’d say there’s about seventeen million of them out there.”


Ted: “Sheep, like all wool-bearing animals, instinctively travel north, where it’s colder, and they won’t be so stuffy.”


Dougal: “A one-word film. There can’t be too many of those. Salem’s Lot?”

